NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKING]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Great Elf Tree.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hi, Holly.
Hi, Ben.
Coming out to play?
I'll be right down.
[STOMPING]
Hi, Gaston.
[BARKING]
Let's play in the meadow.
[♪♪♪]
[GASTON PANTING]
Gaston, fetch.
[BARKING]
[♪♪♪]
Hi, everyone.
BOTH: Hello, Barnaby.
What are you doing?
We're throwing sticks
for Gaston.
Gaston likes
fetching sticks.
[PANTING]
[BARKING]
BEN:
Oh. That's not a stick.
Hello, everyone.
ALL: Hi, Strawberry.
Aah! What's that?
It looks like
a tin arm.
Gaston,
where did you find this?
[BARKING]
[PANTING]
ALL:
Wow!
What's that?
It's a toy robot.
ALL:
Ooh!
It's a bit broken.
We could mend it
with magic.
Uh, no, thanks,
Strawberry.
We'll fix it the elf way.
Elves are very good
at fixing things.
BOTH:
And we're elves.
[BLOWING HORNS]
[GIGGLING]
[THUDDING]
[HAMMERING]
[RATTLING]
[CREAKS]
[THUDDING]
There, finished.
BOTH:
Ooh.
So will it talk?
Will it make me
a cup of tea?
No,
it's just a toy robot.
It'll do this:
[BOTH IMITATING ROBOT]
That's a bit boring.
It isn't boring.
That's what toy robots do.
Let's switch it on.
[CLUNKS]
It doesn't do anything.
ALL:
Oh.
Maybe it needs batteries.
No, it's clockwork.
But there's no key.
I'll magic a key.
[TINKLING]
Oh, Holly,
I don't think we should use
a magic key.
Magic can be dangerous.
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
I'm sure it will be okay.
Whatever happens,
it'll be fun.
Hm. All right.
[RATTLING]
[GROWLING AND BARKING]
Shush, Gaston.
[GROWLING]
Okay,
let's see what happens.
[WHIRRING]
All:
It's working.
Master, what is your name?
ALL:
Ooh.
Is that
what it's supposed to do?
I don't know.
Uh, I'm Ben Elf.
Ben Elf. You are my master.
We thought robots went:
[IMITATES ROBOT]
[BOTH GIGGLE]
[BOTH IMITATING ROBOT]
[BOTH SHRIEK]
BOTH:
Help! Help!
Oh, no!
Put us down,
you silly robot.
Put the girls down.
I only answer to my master,
Ben Elf.
Robot,
uh, put the fairies down,
please.
Yes, Ben Elf.
And say sorry.
Sorry.
That was a bit scary.
Hm, it's not like
a normal toy robot.
I think my key
might have made it a bit magic.
But it seems to do
what I say,
so we should be okay.
Hello,
boys and girls.
ALL:
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
What do you have there?
We've found a toy robot.
It was broken
so we mended it.
Well done. Ah, yes.
This is the old Mark Z-33,
built by the elf factory.
Hm, it was a rather
basic model.
[CLANGING]
Uh, please,
don't get it angry.
I beg your pardon, Ben Elf?
You talk
as if it can understand.
Well, it does seem to.
It's just a toy robot.
Only capable of going:
[IMITATING ROBOT]
[SCREAMS]
Put me down,
you silly robot!
You are a rude old elf.
ALL:
Ooh.
Robot,
put the Wise Old Elf down.
Yes, Ben Elf.
[GROANS]
Very strange.
I-- I don't remember the Z-33
being able to talk.
[WHIRRING AND STOMPING]
ALL:
It's escaping.
We'd better get it back.
[NANNY SCATTING]
[WHIRRING AND STOMPING]
What a beautiful sound.
[SCATTING]
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
Oh.
Where's it gone?
[NANNY SCREAMS]
That sounds like Nanny Plum.
Help! Help!
[ALL GASP]
Robot, put Nanny Plum down.
Yes, Ben Elf.
Oof!
Thank you, Ben.
What is this thing?
It's just a toy robot.
But it does anything
Ben says.
Really?
Yes. Watch this.
Robot,
clean up the courtyard.
Must clean up. Must clean up.
Must clean up.
It's very good, isn't it?
I'd like one of those
to do all my cleaning.
You can borrow my robot
if you want to.
That's very kind of you,
Ben.
Maybe I'll borrow it
just for this evening.
Okay.
Robot,
I'm going home now,
but I want you to stay here
and tidy the castle.
Yes, Ben Elf.
Bye, everyone.
HOLLY & NANNY: Bye.
See you tomorrow.
[♪♪♪]
[WHIRRING AND STOMPING]
Must tidy up. Must tidy up.
My goodness,
what's this?
It's Ben's robot.
Nanny has borrowed it
to tidy up the castle.
It looks like it's doing
a very good job.
Must tidy up. Must tidy up.
Hm, I think I prefer
the traditional fairy way.
[GONG RINGS]
Dinnertime!
ALL:
Ah, dinner.
[WHIRRING AND STOMPING]
Ah, I expect the robot has come
to serve us our dinner.
Must tidy up. Must tidy up.
Oh.
Must tidy up.
Goodness me.
I think we should tell
this robot to stop.
We can't.
The robot only listens
to Ben.
So, what can we do?
Uh, Ben told the robot
to tidy the whole castle.
So maybe
we should go to bed,
and let the robot finish.
Good idea, Holly.
The robot should have finished
tidying by morning.
[♪♪♪]
Must tidy up. Must tidy up.
[SNORING]
What? Is it morning already?
Aah!
[SHRIEKS]
Must tidy up. Must tidy up.
Put me down! Put me down!
[BOTH SCREAM]
Goodness me.
What's happening?
The robot is tidying up
everything.
Yes, including us.
It's a monster.
How do we stop it?
Only Ben can stop it.
[KEYPAD BEEPING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello? Mrs. Elf speaking.
QUEEN:
Hello, Mrs. Elf.
Sorry, it is a bit late,
but this is an emergency.
We need Ben, now.
Right-o.
Ben, there's an emergency
at the Little Castle.
We have to go right away.
Right-o.
Elves to the rescue.
[BLOWS HORN]
Who's the best at rescuing?
ALL:
Elves are best at rescuing.
And what are we?
ALL: We're elves!
[ALL BLOWING HORNS]
It's the elves.
ALL:
Hooray!
[♪♪♪]
Look, there's my robot.
Ah! Put me down!
Oof.
Ben Elf. Master.
Master. Master...
Oh, it's wound down.
ALL:
Hooray!
But what could have caused
the toy robot
to act so strangely?
Uh, I think it was
my magic key that did it.
ALL:
Ah, magic.
[PANTING]
What have you got there,
Gaston?
[BARKING]
It's the proper key.
BOTH:
Well done, Gaston.
[BARKING]
[CRANKING]
Uh, Ben, are you sure
that's a good idea?
It'll be fine.
[CREAKING THEN WHIRRING]
[WHIRRING]
Ah. That's the toy robot
I remember.
Yeah, it's great.
[IMITATING ROBOT]
[ALL LAUGHING
AND IMITATING ROBOT]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[♪♪♪]
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[STOMACH RUMBLING]
I say.
I'm getting
a little hungry.
Me too.
I think I fancy
fish and chips.
We don't have any fish,
Your Majesty.
What? No fish?
But I can magic up
some fish fingers.
[TINKLING]
Yum, yum,
I like fish fingers.
No, no.
I want fresh fish.
Fresh from the lake.
With chips.
I know.
Ben's dad
has a fishing boat.
Then we shall go
and see Ben's dad.
[♪♪♪]
It's time we put the boat away
for the winter, Ben.
I'm pleased Bunty has made it
through the summer
with no accidents.
What kind of accidents?
The kind where
the boat gets... eaten.
Eaten?
Yes. Have I never told you
the story
of Big Bad Barry
the fish?
No.
It was a dark
and stormy night.
I was sailing
in my favorite boat,
when suddenly...
A fish.
A fish, Mr. Elf.
What's that?
I want a fish for dinner.
With chips.
Oh.
So we'd like you to take us out
on the lake to catch one.
I was just putting Bunty away
for the winter.
Who's Bunty?
My boat.
Well, one more trip
won't do any harm, will it?
I'd rather not.
Um, she might get wet.
Mr. Elf,
your King commands you.
Okay. Climb aboard.
[HOLLY GIGGLES]
You'll have to leave
your wands here.
Magic isn't allowed
on elf boats.
BOTH:
And we're elves.
[BOTH BLOW HORNS]
[GIGGLES]
[TINKLING]
[♪♪♪]
[QUACKING]
KING:
Let's get going.
I'll do the steering.
Hang on a minute.
You might be King on land,
Your Majesty,
but on this boat
I'm the captain.
So I'm in charge.
All right, captain.
As long as I get a fish.
Holly and Ben,
wind the engine.
BOTH:
Aye, aye, captain.
[RATTLING]
King Thistle,
take the wheel.
Okey-dokey, captain.
[CREAKING]
Ho, ho! This is fun.
Turn ship to starboard.
What?
[SIGHS]
Turn right.
Why didn't you say so?
At sea we don't say
left and right.
We say port
and starboard.
Isn't that a bit silly?
[BOTH GIGGLING]
We'll fish
from the stern.
Where's that?
[SIGH]
The back of the boat.
Come with me.
Fishing is a tricky business.
You must have
the right type of bait.
What kind of bait
are we using today?
Stale bread.
Stale bread?
Who likes stale bread?
Should we put
some butter on it, Dad?
And jam?
Yes, we're not gonna
catch anything
with stale bread, old boy.
Stick a bit of jam on it.
Stop! I'm the captain,
so while we're aboard Bunty
we do what I say.
ALL:
Aye, aye, captain.
Now, be quiet.
Fish don't like noise.
Very bossy, isn't he?
This is so exciting.
Shh, everybody.
Now we wait.
[CREAKING]
Are you sure
this is right?
Of course I'm sure.
Come on,
let me have a go.
Fine, you'll see.
It takes time to catch a--
Fish!
I've caught a fish.
Holly, grab the net.
Get ready to catch it.
Well done, Daddy.
Wow, it's big.
It's a whopper, all right.
And I caught it.
It's only a little tiddler.
It must be the biggest fish
in the lake.
It's too small.
That was the biggest fish
I've ever seen.
I've seen bigger.
Much, much bigger.
Really?
Really.
It was many years ago
when I first met
Big Bad Barry.
Big Bad Barry?
Who's that?
Only the biggest, hugest,
most gigantic-est fish
the world has ever seen.
No.
It was a dark
and stormy night.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
MR. ELF:
I was out sailing
in my favorite boat, Hilda,
when I first saw
Big Bad Barry.
I knew straightaway
I had to catch him.
I had to be the fisherman
who took him home,
for the biggest fish dinner
in history.
I tried several different baits
before I found
what Barry liked.
Cheese.
Cheese?
MR. ELF:
Cheese.
I put a bit of cheese
on the line,
and Barry was hooked
straightaway.
The only thing was,
he was stronger
than my old boat Hilda was.
Bad Barry dragged
my poor boat Hilda
all over the lake.
And when he'd finished that,
he ate her.
He ate Hilda?
It sounds horrid.
It was.
So you built Bunty
to replace Hilda?
No.
First, there was Doris.
Then Peggy.
There was Abigail, Fifi,
and Trixibelle.
Not forgetting Sabrina,
Vicky and Miss Boo Boo.
Barry ate them all.
[ALL GASP]
I tried to catch Barry
so many times.
But he was always
too strong.
So that's where all
the cheese went.
In the end, I gave up.
Big Bad Barry
is still out there.
Somewhere.
BEN & HOLLY:
Ooh!
Incredible.
I have come
to a royal decision.
We must catch Big Bad Barry
and have him with chips.
BOTH: Hooray!
No, we mustn't.
I don't want to lose
another boat.
Not Bunty.
Anyway, there's no cheese
on the boat.
I won't allow it.
Barry can smell cheese
a mile away.
Even a mild cheddar.
Good! I've got some cheese
in my picnic hamper.
We can use that.
[SCREAMS]
Cheese on board!
Quick, get rid of it,
before it's too late.
What did you do that for?
I told you. It's dangerous
to have cheese on board.
Luckily, I also brought
a nice Stilton cheese
we can tempt Barry with.
No. I refuse to help.
Then we'll do it
without you.
I'm taking charge.
BOTH:
Hooray!
Aah! It's mutiny!
Mutiny on the Bunty!
[♪♪♪]
We'll catch this Barry
and have him with chips.
Ben, take the wheel.
Aye, aye, captain.
Holly, hold the net.
Aye, aye.
Here, Barry, Barry. Barry.
Come on, Barry,
where are you?
It's not working.
Here, Barry.
Come on, boy.
[SIGHS]
If we're going to catch
Big Bad Barry,
let's do it properly.
ALL:
Yes.
You must do what I say,
as soon as I say it.
ALL:
Aye, aye, captain.
Big Bad Barry is too big
for that rod.
We'll use this rod.
BOTH:
Wow!
You wanted to meet
Big Bad Barry,
here's your chance.
Excellent.
Now, we wait.
But not for long.
[♪♪♪]
[SNIFFING]
Mm.
[RUMBLING]
HOLLY: Look!
[ROARS]
MR. ELF:
It's him! It's Big Bad Barry!
What a fish!
We'll be eating him
for weeks.
MR. ELF:
He's got the cheese.
[ROARS]
Start the engine!
Full sail!
We're not going anywhere.
Yes, we are.
Bad Barry is pulling us
backwards.
Hang on!
We've got him!
I think he's got us, Daddy.
Holly's right.
We should never have tried
to catch Bad Barry.
He's too big.
He's too bad.
We have to let him go!
Never!
Aha!
He's given up.
I don't think so.
[MUNCHING]
He's eating the line.
Aah!
Then he can have it.
I give in.
Sorry we tried to catch you,
Barry.
No hard feelings, eh?
[SCREAMS]
He's eating Bunty.
[ROARS]
Launch the lifeboat!
KING:
Abandon ship!
Women, children
and kings first.
Poor Bunty.
Hello, everyone.
The chips are ready.
Where's the fish?
[MUNCHING]
Oh. What's going on?
Big Bad Barry
is eating Bunty.
Yum, yum, yum.
Oh, dear.
Do you think Barry would like
some chips with that?
I think he's full.
Alas, poor Bunty.
I knew her well.
Right. What shall we have
for dinner then?
I think
I'd like fish fingers.
ALL:
With chips.
[ALL LAUGH]
[♪♪♪]